yo what is up are you ready to
understand fast speaking Americans well
we are going to do exactly that today
with one of the funniest ever scenes
from season one of friends so I've Ethan
you're a real-life English fluency coach
and as I said we are learning today with
friends so if you do not know our
methodology yet is very simple you will
watch the scene once with subtitles then
you will learn all the most important
vocabulary grammar cultural notes
pronunciation of course and so much more
and then finally you'll watch it again
without subtitles to test your
comprehension and if you want to take
your learning to the next level with the
scene then I have a special present for
you today it is a PDF powerless and it
looks just like this one you can
download it print it out and it will
teach you all of the most important
details that you might miss in this
video so you definitely want to download
that so that you can learn even more and
without any further ado let's watch this
hilarious scene I know you're going to
laugh a lot
[Music]
tell me what look at you you won't even
look at him oh come on tell me I could
use another reason why women won't look
at me last night I had a dream that you
and I we're doing it on this table Wow
excellent dream school why would you
dream that more importantly was I any
good well you were pretty damn good
interesting because in my dreams I'm
surprisingly inadequate well last night
you seemed to know your way around the
table I love it when we share you okay
there
I can't believe you two had sex in the
dream I'm sorry it was a one-time thing
I was very drunk and it was someone
else's subconscious
come on you told me about the last dream
no forget well why not
was I doing something particularly saucy
all right fine um well you were not the
only one there Joey was there too
all right was there anybody anybody else
there you sure nobody handed out mints
or anything tell me was it like you and
Chandler and then you and me or you and
me and Janice you know what what there
were times when it wasn't even me
that is so sweet
[Music]
look at you you won't even look at it
you do you won't even look at it won't
will and won't are not always used to
refer to the future tense they can also
carry a different meaning with negative
connotation won't means refusal to show
unwillingness to do something example
she just won't cooperate the car broke
down and now it won't start
will on the other hand is used to
emphasise habits or behaviors that are
thought to be characteristic of somebody
example her son will do just the
opposite of what she tells him to do
last night I had a dream that you and I
we're doing it on this table doing it to
do it is a euphemism for to have sex
note a euphemism is a less direct less
offensive way to say something that
could normally be offensive in this case
sex in Rachel's dream she was doing it
on the coffee table with Chandler
excellent dream score score literally to
score a point or in soccer to score a
score a goal for example this is a
scoreboard but in informal English to
score means to succeed in the attempt to
do something example you won free
tickets to the Pro Jam concert you
really scored is in the cases here good
score can be used to congratulate a man
for hooking up with that is sleeping
with an attractive woman why would you
drink that why would you drink that more
importantly was I any good more
importantly used to connect to
statements or ideas the second of which
is more important example he worked
really hard to get his advanced English
proficiency certificate but more
importantly he was able to put his
english into practice and successfully
communicate was i any good in any good
any easy use for saying whether
something is at all good useful or
effective you might say was the movie
good or was the movie any good with the
difference being that in the sentence
with any you express some doubt in that
it was actually good in negative
sentences any is used to emphasize the
negation example this whole computer
wouldn't be any good for playing video
games it isn't any use complaining they
won't listen interesting because in my
dreams I'm surprisingly inadequate last
night you seem to know your way around
the table inadequate not enough or not
good enough if a person feels inadequate
they feel they don't have the qualities
and abilities necessary to do something
this adjective is the opposite of
adequate example even if you have great
pronunciation grammar and tons of vocab
your English skills will always be
inadequate if you can't understand
native speakers know your way around
something to be familiarized with a
place or a thing and for this reason
good at it example to be a taxi driver
it's important to know your way around
the city I'm sorry it was a one-time
thing
one-time thing something that happens
only once notice that for this type of
construction we rearrange the word order
in sentence it's possible to say it was
a one-time judo practice instead of I
practice judo just one time well why not
was I doing something particularly saucy
saucy in American English something that
is said in a saucy manner means that it
is bold and full of energy
no as in the cases here this may have
sexual connotation
example the buzz of being very saucy and
inappropriate to the new secretary in
British English this could have the
meaning of rude or impolite but usually
in a lively and playful way example
saucy sense of humor anybody else we use
else for showing that you are referring
to other things people places etc apart
from the particular ones that you
mention or know about this is used with
pronouns such as something nothing
anyone or everyone or adverbs like
somewhere anywhere etc you sure nobody
handed out to hand something out to give
something especially to each person of a
group example the teacher handed out the
exams to the pupils mint the herb
picture below but in this case it's the
piece of candy made of mint sweet very
cute or adorable no Phoebe is teasing
that is making fun of them a quick
interruption the video you're watching
is actually a sample lesson from our
popular course fluent with friends which
takes what you're saying here to a
completely new level for learners like
you that need to understand fast
speaking natives when you join our
complete fluent with friends course
every week for 48 weeks you will get a
20-plus page power lesson PDF like what
we are giving you today but for full
episodes of the first two seasons of
friends in addition you will get
memorize vocabulary technology to learn
over 1400 of the most difficult words
from friends access to our fluency
circle community with learners from all
over the world and with the Premium
Package
over fifty exclusive episode by episode
videos like this one that you will not
find here on YouTube to learn more visit
fluent with friends calm and remember to
download the free pdf power lesson that
goes with this scene because we will
send you a free
three-part mini course
with more samples from the fluent with
friends course now let's watch the scene
again without subtitles and test your
comprehension tell me what
look at you you won't even look at him
oh come on tell me I could use another
reason why women won't look at me last
night I had a dream that you and I we're
doing it on this table Wow excellent
dream school why would you dream that
more importantly was I any good well you
were pretty damn any good interesting
because in my dreams I'm surprisingly
inadequate well last night you seem to
know your way around the table I love it
when we share you okay there
I can't believe you two had sex in the
dream I'm sorry it was a one-time thing
I was very drunk and it was someone
else's subconscious
come on you told me about the last dream
no forget it
well why not was I doing something
particularly saucy all right fine um
well you were not the only one there
Joey was there too all right
was there anybody anybody else there you
sure nobody handed out mints or anything
[Music]
tell me was it like you and Chandler and
then you and me or you and me and Jen
you know what what there were times when
it wasn't even me
and it's so sweet you got
all right I hope you've had an awesome
time learning with the scene I hope you
laughed a lot and that you were able to
understand almost all of it the second
time around without subtitles but you
don't want to miss any of those details
so definitely check out that free PDF
power lesson that I told you about and
we will even send you a free three-part
mini course to help you take your
English to the next level with friends
also be sure to show it your support for
our channel so we can keep making
fantastic lessons like these ones for
you by hitting the like button and
subscribing and finally I have some more
lessons that I think you'll enjoy now be
sure to go out there and kick ass with
your English oh yeah